[Music]
hey how's it going Dave QD here so this
is Lenovo is legion y5 20 their mid tier
gaming laptop and aesthetically I really
like this laptop it feels nice to hold
in your hand and fingerprints don't show
up too much there's a faux carbon-fiber
top and it's just black everywhere even
the logo is pretty stuff most gaming
laptops have some kind of red accents on
the exterior this doesn't if you pull it
in a lecture hall or even at work no one
would really notice I also like the
bronze or copper colored heatsink that
you can see through the back it's a
pretty muted vibe for this laptop until
you open it and you realize there's red
everywhere to be fair of all like the
low to mid tier gaming laptops this has
not that much but it's there the build
quality is good it's on par with
competitors in this price range there
isn't anything that feels poorly built
the chassis the screen the hinge is good
too way better than the hinge on the
older y 50 or Y 700 the display is one
of the better-looking ones in the sub
$1000 gaming laptop market 1080p color
gamut is kinda mediocre and even after
calibration color accuracy isn't the
best but it's reasonably bright and
viewing angles are good because it's an
IPS panel
bezels aren't too thick and the webcam
looks like this the speakers are
positioned nicely just below the screen
and when you're playing games it sounds
like they're projecting right into your
ears the thing is these lack bass
there's decent volume but the lower
frequencies just aren't there even when
I'm playing around with the EQ down at
the keyboard we have a couple of
different textures we have a brushed
finished up here and then the rest of
the deck is this kind of soft touch
finish the keyboard has red accents and
red backlighting the number pad on the
right is a little different I don't
think I've seen a layout like this
before if you're a number pad pro or
just use number pad often you'll
probably find it strange the rest of the
layout is good it's easy to type on keys
have one point two millimeters of travel
keystrokes feel a little soft but
comfortable to use and I think most
people will easily get used to this
keyboard the trackpad itself kind of
feels like glass but I'm pretty sure
it's plastic it's just a nice smooth
finish synaptics drivers but good
tracking and gesture control
are not built into the trackpad their
dedicated buttons but they feel mediocre
like the middle area acts like a lever
so the closer you get to the middle the
harder it is to click you can only press
it down on the sides and I just don't
love this trackpad the port selection is
good
there's Ethernet USB 2 and audio jack
and on the other side we have HDMI a
pair of USB threes an SD reader and a
USB see there's no central 3 support but
that's just the norm at this price point
to get inside you flip it over remove
some screws and open it up we have a
good amount of upgradable components
there's a 2 and a half inch drive bay
and m2 slot that supports PCIe the
configurations with SSD drives have
pretty good speeds and if you pop off
this metal shroud here you can access
the RAM the batteries down here it's
relatively small we're looking at a 45
watt hour battery and I'm getting a
little less than four hours of regular
use with the screen at 250 minutes if
you're playing games is going to be
closer to 45 minutes to an hour so I
really wish they'd put a bigger battery
in this thing but that's the compromise
you got to make at this price point
performance overall is good it uses KB
Lake CPUs and a gtx 750ti even on the
base model I'm running the upgraded i7
configuration but the gaming performance
is going to be really similar between
this and i-5 there's a more detailed
video linked in the description but on
the 1050 Ti and the 7700 HQ something
lighter like overall actual hit 70
frames per second on ultra on high we're
looking at almost 120 frames per second
doom on Ultra will still float above 60
frames per second basically any of the
more optimized shooters will play really
nicely on the system something a bit
more demanding like battlefield one
you'll need to drop the graphics up too
high again to that 60 frames per second
zone but in general any of the current
titles will play nicely on the 1050 Ti
it's the best value GPU for gaming
laptops right now if you're editing
videos this is still a great choice
especially because there's two drives in
there but if you didn't color accurate
work
I would totally plug up an external
monitor there is some thermal throttling
if you push the device on benchmarks for
long enough but I never notice it in any
games even after hours of playing so it
should be good surface temperature even
onload stays comfortable to use there's
also an extreme cooling mode and
software to crank the fans up if you
really want the best
performance the heat pipe layout isn't
my favorite it's an older style design
like the heat from the GPU has to pass
through the CPU along the pipe to get
cooled the fans often spent on idle but
it's still quiet unload it can get a
little louder not too bad but if you hit
that extreme fan mode I don't know when
you'd actually use this but if you do it
gets pretty noisy okay so with the
Lenovo legion why 5:20 you're getting a
device with a lot of plastic materials
but with good build quality you're
getting a decent IPS screen bright but
weak color gamut keyboard is good
trackpad is good
buttons on the trackpad are not so good
inside the KB Lake CPU options and the
1050 Ti deliver awesome performance for
the dollar cooling is done reasonably
well the RAM and the storage are all
easy to access for future upgrades the
battery is a little light we're looking
at around four hours of averages so this
laptop there's not much I dislike about
it it's for this price point it's really
good the one advantage that I would say
that lenovo has over other competitors
in this price point is that they often
have pretty good sales right now you can
get this thing for $850 that's what the
1050 Ti that's really good in my opinion
now if you're trying to decide between
this laptop and the three or four other
laptops that are in this price range I
will be doing a comparative review I
wanted to do with sooner than later but
there's a fourth laptop that came to mix
so player four entered the game I will
be doing that video shortly and then
I'll be doing a comparative video for
all of them hope you guys enjoyed this
video sums be liked it subs we loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]